Implement DHCP Forwarding Resource and Data source (#1056)
vmware/terraform-provider-vcd: website/docs/d/nsxt_edgegateway_dhcp_forwarding.html.markdown

---
layout: "vcd"
page_title: "VMware Cloud Director: vcd_nsxt_edgegateway_dhcp_forwarding"
sidebar_current: "docs-vcd-data-source-nsxt-edge-dhcp-forwarding"
description: |-
  Provides a data source to manage NSX-T Edge Gateway DHCP forwarding configuration.
---

# vcd\_nsxt\_edgegateway\_dhcp\_forwarding

Supported in provider *v3.10+* and VCD 10.3.1+ with NSX-T.

Provides a data source to manage NSX-T Edge Gateway DHCP forwarding configuration.

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "vcd_org_vdc" "v1" {
  org  = "datacloud"
  name = "nsxt-vdc-datacloud"
}

data "vcd_nsxt_edgegateway" "testing-in-vdc" {
  org      = "datacloud"
  owner_id = data.vcd_org_vdc.v1.id

  name = "nsxt-gw-datacloud"
}

data "vcd_nsxt_edgegateway_dhcp_forwarding" "testing-in-vdc" {
  org             = "datacloud"
  edge_gateway_id = data.vcd_nsxt_edgegateway.testing-in-vdc.id
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

> * `org` - (Required) Org in which the NSX-T Edge Gateway is located

Reviewer: This argument should be optional. It is required if the Provider does not set such field

Author: Updated.

---
layout: "vcd"
page_title: "VMware Cloud Director: vcd_nsxt_edgegateway_dhcp_forwarding"
sidebar_current: "docs-vcd-data-source-nsxt-edge-dhcp-forwarding"
description: |-
  Provides a data source to manage NSX-T Edge Gateway DHCP forwarding configuration.
---

# vcd\_nsxt\_edgegateway\_dhcp\_forwarding

Supported in provider *v3.10+* and VCD 10.3.1+ with NSX-T.

> Provides a data source to manage NSX-T Edge Gateway DHCP forwarding configuration.

Reviewer 2: nit
```suggestion
Provides a data source to read NSX-T Edge Gateway DHCP forwarding configuration.
```

Author: Fixed

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "vcd_org_vdc" "v1" {
  org  = "datacloud"
  name = "nsxt-vdc-datacloud"
}

data "vcd_nsxt_edgegateway" "testing-in-vdc" {
  org      = "datacloud"
  owner_id = data.vcd_org_vdc.v1.id

  name = "nsxt-gw-datacloud"
}

data "vcd_nsxt_edgegateway_dhcp_forwarding" "testing-in-vdc" {
  org             = "datacloud"
  edge_gateway_id = data.vcd_nsxt_edgegateway.testing-in-vdc.id
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `org` - (Optional) Org in which the NSX-T Edge Gateway is located, required
  if not set in the provider section.

> * `edge_gateway_id` - (Required) NSX-T Edge Gateway ID

Author: Fixed

## Attribute Reference

> All the arguments and attributes defined in
> [`vcd_nsxt_edgegateway_rate_limiting`](/providers/vmware/vcd/latest/docs/resources/nsxt_edgegateway_rate_limiting)
> resource are available.

Reviewer 2: If I'm not wrong:
```suggestion
All the arguments and attributes defined in
[`vcd_nsxt_edgegateway_dhcp_forwarding`](/providers/vmware/vcd/latest/docs/resources/nsxt_edgegateway_dhcp_forwarding)
resource are available.
```
as the one mentioned has different attributes than `vcd_nsxt_edgegateway_dhcp_forwarding`.

Author: Thanks for noticing, fixed
